welcome to a house where their normal
routine the raspberry flap of ours will
be out in a moment is anything but they
all have their place in the world except
for gonzo I've always wondered where I
came from Who I am
hey gonzo don't you think you ought to
take a little break it's time to freak
out the neighbors know he's about to
find out
[Music]
[Applause]
people who've earth do not be alarmed
get ready for alien contact
just come here my captain alphabet is
sending me a message said are you there
are you sure it didn't say are you nuts
Close Encounters and other shocking
moments I should go change
[Music]
pictures and Jim Henson pictures put too
much gunpowder in the cannon take you
where no Muppet has gone before
[Music]
puppets from space
no nostrils how do you smell awful
trust me I'm his roommate
[Music]